27.10.2023 Friday Offline Meeting:
A preliminary review was made by 5 member of team.
There has been talk of opening github accounts and using them already.
Accounts of members was added to repository that is created by group leader.
After some discussions, the questions that are determined are noted for asking to professor
Questions:
1-Should updated datas be kept in json files after each execution?
2-How will the professor execute the program?(With ArrayList or with new json file )


30.10.2023 Monday Offline Meeting:
The flow was explained to new members.
After necessary informations were talked, the distribution of tasks was generally distributed.

02.11.2023 Thursday Offline Meeting:
After thinking about project, new ideas about flow was discussed. The flow became more clear.

03.11.2023 Friday Online Meeting:
After the task distribution, members of team started to handle their own first tasks.
Task Distribution:
Ahmet Abdullah- IDisplayMenu Interface UML Design, Course Registration System UML Class Design, Design Class Diagram(DCD)
Ayşe Gülsüm- Student UML Class Design, Department UML Class Design, Registration UML Class Design
Enes- Prepare a Design Sequence Diagram (DSD), Prepare Two System Sequence Diagrams(SSD)
Hamza- Person UML Class Design, Advisor UML Class Design, Grade UML Class Design, Prepare RAD
Mehrin- Lecturer UML Class Design, Course UML Class Design
Melik- Design 2 Use cases for RAD, Course Section UML Class Design
Ömer-Transcript UML Class Design, JSON Reading and Writing Design.



6.11.2023 Monday Offline Meeting:
After the %50 of Requirement Analysis step were handled,The steps to be followed for the remainder of the report were discussed. 
Then,UML classes designs were discussed. Discussion was about status of UML class designs. Done or not done?

9.11.2023 Thursday Online Meeting:
The completed parts were discussed and regulations that were necessary to RAD and Software Design parts were decided.
The task distribution on implementations were done.
Task Distribution:
Ahmet Abdullah- Implementation of Registration Class, Implementation of Course Section Class
Ayşe Gülsüm- Implementation of Person Class, Implementation of Course Class
Enes- Implementation of Department Class, Implementation of Lecturer Class
Hamza- Implementation of Student Class
Mehrin- Implementation of IDisplayMenu Interface, Implementation of Transcript Class
Melik- Implementation of Advisor Class, Implementation of Grade Class
Ömer- Implementation of JSON reading and writing, Implementation of Course Registration System Class.


15.11.2023 Wednesday Offline Meeting:
Test Units were discussed. The parts left behind were evaluted and necessary uploads are done.

16.11.2023 Thursday Online Meeting
The last important parts were discussed. The iteration 1 almost done.

04.12.2023 Monday Online Meeting
Demo was finished and the meeting that is about iteration 2 is done. The important issues were decided. The necessary points are talked.

11.12.2023 Monday Offline Meeting
The completed parts were discussed and regulations that were necessary to RAD and Software Design parts were decided.
The task distribution on implementations were done.
Task Distribution:
Ahmet Abdullah : Updating Student, Transcript, Course Registration System classes. Moreover, Updating the DCD of these classes.
Ayşe Gülsüm: Detailing Advisor, Lecturer, Student JOSN Files. Updating Student Transcript JSON's. Creating Assistant JSON files.
Enes:Updating DSD,SSD and Updating deparment, Grade and JSON Writer classes.
Hamza:Updating RAD, Logging Feature, Updating Lecturer, Person and Registration Classes.
Mehrin:Updating Course Section Class, implementation of Assitant class and Laboratory class. Moreover, Updating the DCD of these classes.
Melik: Updating the Student class, Use Cases and Unit Tests. Moreover, Updating the DCD of these classes.
Ömer: Implementatin University Class, updating Advisor, Course JSON Reader classes. Moreover, Updating the DCD of these classes.

14.12.2023 Thursday Online Meeting:
The last importnat parts were discussed. The iteration 2 almost done.

19.12.2023 Tuesday Online Meeting:
The unit tests are updated and discussed.

20.12.2023
The necessary tests were done. The important errors were handled.

















